V0.2.0 (#73)
ropensci-org/contributing-guidance: rsrc_issues.Rmd

Try narrowing down your search for open issues by **searching for specific labels**.  

*   [`help wanted`](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Aropensci+label%3A%22help+wanted%22+state%3Aopen&type=Issues) (GitHub search terms `org:ropensci label:"help wanted" state:open`)
*   [`good first issue`](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Aropensci+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22+state%3Aopen&type=Issues) (GitHub search terms `org:ropensci label:"good first issue" state:open`)
*   [`documentation`](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Aropensci+label%3A%22documentation%22+state%3Aopen&type=Issues) (GitHub search terms `org:ropensci label:"documentation" state:open`)
*   [`feature`](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Aropensci+label%3A%22feature%22+state%3Aopen&type=Issues) (GitHub search terms `org:ropensci label:"feature" state:open`)

You can also combine labels in a search. [For example](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Aropensci+label%3A%22help+wanted%22+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22+state%3Aopen&type=issues), `org:ropensci label:"help wanted" label:"good first issue" state:open`

<center>
<br>
**Remember! Not all issues require coding!**
</center>

> ```{r fig.cap = "Screenshot of a Non-coding 'help wanted' issue called 'Example use cases, tutorials, and applications' from the tabulizer package repository on GitHub"}

Reviewer: also fig.alt?

knitr::include_graphics("images/issues_non_code_tabulizer.png")
```

_Non-Coding "help wanted" issue_

> ```{r fig.cap = "Screenshot of a Coding 'help wanted' issue called 'Improve code coverage' from the jsor package repository on GitHub"}

Reviewer: also alt?

Reviewer: add link to issue?

Some good examples of contribution guides are 
[this one](https://gist.github.com/peterdesmet/e90a1b0dc17af6c12daf6e8b2f044e7c) from [Peter Desmet](https://ropensci.org/author/peter-desmet/), 
and [this one](https://github.com/ecohealthalliance/fasterize/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) from [Noam Ross](https://ropensci.org/author/noam-ross/).

You can also label issues as suggested above. 
We keep track of newly labelled `help wanted` issues and tweet about them to help
developers get help.

### How to contribute? 

*   For package authors: **Label your issues** so people interested in contributing can find them. 
    We recommend “help wanted” (no hyphen), “good first issue”, “beginner”
*   For package authors: **Include future plans for your package** in the README and open issues to address aspects of your plan.
*   **Address a “Help wanted” issue**. 
    Take a look at the [Help Wanted page](https://ropensci.org/help-wanted/). 
    If you see one that interests you, take a look at the project’s contributing guide, 
    then comment in the issue to discuss your approach with the author. 
    Create a [pull request](#channels-github) and submit your solution!

> *   **Address any open issue.** The majority of [issues](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Aropensci+state%3Aopen&type=Issues) are not labelled “help wanted” but that doesn’t mean the author wouldn’t appreciate your help. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   **Address any open issue.** The majority of [issues](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Aropensci+state%3Aopen&type=Issues) are not labelled “help wanted” but that doesn't mean the author wouldn't appreciate your help. 
```

>     Browse the issues in a package you use and see if there’s one you could address. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Browse the issues in a package you use and see if there's one you could address. 
```

Should there be a sentence about finding out about the repo's etiquette? E.g. issue before PR or not.

Alternatively, you can look at **all open issues** in rOpenSci with `org:ropensci state:open` [`https://github.com/search?q=org%3Aropensci++state%3Aopen&type=Issues`](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Aropensci++state%3Aopen&type=Issues)

Try narrowing down your search for open issues by **searching for specific labels**.  

*   [`help wanted`](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Aropensci+label%3A%22help+wanted%22+state%3Aopen&type=Issues) (GitHub search terms `org:ropensci label:"help wanted" state:open`)
*   [`good first issue`](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Aropensci+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22+state%3Aopen&type=Issues) (GitHub search terms `org:ropensci label:"good first issue" state:open`)
*   [`documentation`](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Aropensci+label%3A%22documentation%22+state%3Aopen&type=Issues) (GitHub search terms `org:ropensci label:"documentation" state:open`)
*   [`feature`](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Aropensci+label%3A%22feature%22+state%3Aopen&type=Issues) (GitHub search terms `org:ropensci label:"feature" state:open`)

> You can also combine labels in a search. [For example](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Aropensci+label%3A%22help+wanted%22+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22+state%3Aopen&type=issues), `org:ropensci label:"help wanted" label:"good first issue" state:open`

Reviewer: very nice
